feat: add sampleCollapseLevel option (#937)
Redocly/redoc: README.md

* `hideDownloadButton` - do not show "Download" spec button. **THIS DOESN'T MAKE YOUR SPEC PRIVATE**, it just hides the button.
* `disableSearch` - disable search indexing and search box
* `onlyRequiredInSamples` - shows only required fields in request samples.

> * `sampleCollapseLevel` - set the collapse level in response samples. Special value 'all' expand all response. Default value = 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `sampleCollapseLevel` - set the default expand level for JSON payload samples (responses and request body). Special value 'all' expands all levels. The default value is `2`.
```

> * `sampleCollapseLevel` - set the collapse level in response samples. Special value 'all' expand all response. Default value = 2.

Reviewer: I would also rename the option to `jsonSampleExpandLevel`
